Skip to Main Content

Home

About Us

Kesar Mango

Mango Pulp

Mango Powder

Other Varieties

More

About

The Backyard & Co.

Fresh Produce and Pulp Exporter

Exporting the Sweetest Mangoes from Gir, Gujarat

Looking for the best quality Kesar Mangoes or mango pulp ? Look no further than The Backyard & Co. With decades of experience and natural farming practices, we offer the most delicious and authentic Kesar Mangoes from Gir Gujarat to the world. Our mangoes are GI tag certified and APEDA approved for export to ensure that our customers receive only the highest quality product.

Our Story

A Fruit Cultivation business with a Passion for Quality

Step into the lush embrace of The Backyard & Co., a cherished legacy rooted in the heart of family and the golden landscapes of our orchards. Our story begins in 1974, when the visionary Mr. Daudbhai Bhabhabhai Laliya, inspired by an ardent love for Kesar mangoes, embarked on a journey to share their exquisite taste with the world.

 

In the tranquil embrace of our family-owned orchards, three generations have nurtured the delicate art of cultivating Kesar Mangoes, Mr. Daudbhai's sons, (Yunusbhai, Iqbalbhai, and Asifbhai ) and daughters joined the odyssey, turning their father's passion into a familial legacy. Together, they wove a tapestry of tradition, commitment, and the pure joy of cultivating nature's bounty.

 

Our unique business model, a testament to innovation, revolves around the spirit of collaboration. As the season unfolds, the orchards gracefully pass into the hands of trusted contractors on wholesale. These custodians take on the mantle of harvesting, ensuring that the ripe, succulent Kesar Mangoes find their way to tables around the country

​

With the passage of time and the pursuit of knowledge, the next generation of our family, fresh from their higher studies, felt a calling to take our beloved Kesar Mangoes beyond the borders of our orchards.

 

Thus, The Backyard & Co. was born, a collective endeavor to elevate our business to new heights and introduce the world to the unparalleled taste of our cherished mangoes.

 

As we export the essence of our orchards globally, each Kesar Mango carries not just the sweetness of its flesh but the rich tapestry of a family's love, dedication, and the timeless tradition of cultivating excellence. Join us in savouring the journey from our family to yours, where every bite is a story, and every story is a part of The Backyard & Co. saga.

Meet the founders

Meet the dynamic duo behind The Backyard & Co. Sahir Savat and Aman Laliya. With their unique blend of professional expertise and passion for agriculture, they co-founded the company to export India's finest Kesar Mangoes to the world.

Co- Founder

Sahir Savat

The architect of technical brilliance with a green thumb. As a seasoned mechanical engineer, his technical prowess is complemented by a deep understanding of agriculture, fostering innovation in every aspect of The Backyard & Co. which ensures our endeavours thrive technically and sustainably.

Co- Founder

Aman Laliya

The creative force behind our brand's allure. As a versatile co-founder, he seamlessly merges design, research and creativity , weaving a narrative that elevates The Backyard & Co. into a realm of distinction and global resonance.

​

​

Get in touch with
any questions

We' love to have you visit our farms.

At Village Jhar, Ta: Dhari, District: Amreli - Gujarat. 365630. INDIA

Corporate Address

A4, Park Elegant. Nr. Congress Bhawan,

Ellisbridge, Paldi (Ahmedabad ). 380007 - Gujarat- INDIA

Contact:  +91 9953607007

+91 8799122486

Email: info@thebackyardgroup.com

ֿPlease fill out the form:

First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone
Add a message
Send

All Rights Reserved | © 2024 by The Backyard & Co.